anyway today this is a chess game 16 i'm
doing a video on well clan operations
you come out a couple of days ago and
well based a little bit just doing the
clan operations really and really had
time to do anything so today i'm going
to show you how to get your ex p how to
enter one and what to do so anyway the
leader of the clan will come to this
page where they'll sign in and a good
Scott beer and it already pops up if
you're the leader of a clan I think if
you don't own a clown I don't think
it'll pop out right anyway sound the
lead of hate sex gaming and well this
one here you go did you gonna well i'm
going to show you what that it for what
they've done so list this brings up like
all of them instead of the destroyer I
are completed sticky fingers flag for
removal and cut warriors this is the one
that we did today um when it could look
right so yeah this is what we did today
so when it comes up you're going to
click and links which will be right
there fill it will see your time like
normal and it'll save the date in this
bit here well that bit won't be there
you see the date here is what you get so
first place get 2500 and gold you get
1000 so we get 500 bruns get 250 and
below bronze you get nothing so the
winner was that well weapons is a lot of
people have been wondering like why
haven't you been getting like the XP its
cluster um well cold you elite people
and got to like check it check there's
no cheating are boosting if there is
boosting they will take your clan off
your dear anchor clam not the actual
play dear ain't clan and yeah so don't
cheat and we did get gold in it as it
comes up there and then it does say
you'll be like seven
10 days and then you'll get your XP it
says it here yeah so champion bags which
is the single best class 2500 gold
ninety percent two hundred percent get a
thousand silver 75% to ninety percent
get 500 bronzes fifty percent 27 if i'll
get 215 below fifty percent don't get
nothing um er normally it will show you
clans performance if it's there right
I'm gonna have to go on a different one
to show you so just be a minute oh yeah
also when you saw my own gaming target
begin that's not my game attack my
gamertag will be at the end or the
beginning it will be in the description
and well I'll put a bit of what to do in
description if you didn't get it right
him this is the one that we did
yesterday we got goal in this one as
well right so basically shows you your
clan what you got how many defends and
then who was it right and that's me but
that isn't my name either who it's a bit
weird and it is a bit dodgy because I
got the mill strike like 49 not in any
way in what's real saying where's my
clan XP and all that yeah i'm just gonna
post a comment domina
all right so anyway how about him he'll
start yep that's right right um this is
your client either way it will say light
so if you like got this slide what I was
going to do but I don't think it's fair
on people like if they were going to say
that if they didn't do it then they get
kicked but as you can see tells you how
many people have got and who did it so
when it seems is all these people didn't
do it when it's like that it means that
they weren't on modern warfare 3 when
it's like that they were on modern
warfare 3 but a lot of these actually
did it but they went on it too in them
to em just before 12 o'clock still it
was to 2pm the end actually when it was
2am like right in the morning so they
didn't get to do that anyway him we've
got gold into so that's two thousand and
then we got bronze in the other one at
2,250 XP that we should have gotten as
you can see we haven't got it yet cuz
well we'll still everything we need it
856 can XP mmm yeah golden the clan
fishes are posted the people that got it
Wes is me alex 337 kills and see AI says
we've been listed in them but it's
naturally showing that we've got it yet
because she takes time to give the
climax be so if i go back here come on
come on come on come on that's not my
gear attack by the way and aren't you
have to go onto the computer moment
which is what i want you have to go on
that to be able to activate well
actually to be able to actually enlist
in the clan operation the xbox and ps3 i
don't think it's there yet Oh
I look at this hotel cabana or now
completed dumber but all right show him
anyway this is the clan here you could
send us well if you want to join comment
you can do that on the xbox or computer
and that's our title we have got gold
clan tag say four people I do let random
is in um yeah so that's it really um
yeah this is a church games XD so like
favorite subscribe all